Previously on The Fosters...
What is Ms. Porter saying happened?
She's saying that Sally
initiated the kiss.
That's not true.
Monte's career is at stake.
This lie could ruin her life.
Privatization is incredibly effective.
We can get so much more done.
Ms. Keene must prove she
can find gainful employment.
- I got you a job.
- What?
Where?
With Justina.
Someone recently made an
ugly accusation about you.
What'd they say?
That you had sex with your foster brother.
I still love you.
Then why didn't you answer my letter?
What letter? What did it say?
That I still love you too.
If you're ever not feeling this,
then just be honest with me.
I think I did something stupid.
I kissed Jude.
So we think the wife's still inside.
I know this guy, okay?
I arrested him last year
and he had a gun.
Drop the gun!
"For all of us waiting,
our time will come.
The truth will then set us free.
Day will rise, night will fall.
To you who are waiting,
your kingdom will come
for one and for all."
Those are the lyrics from one
of Jack's favorite metal bands.
Jack never did find his
kingdom here on Earth.
He never did find a home
or family to call his own.
But in the Bible, Jesus says,
"Let the little children come to me
and do not hinder them...
for the kingdom of heaven
belongs to such as these."
May the kingdom of heaven belong to Jack.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
How was Pearson even
allowed to have another kid?
It's the system, Callie.
Maybe we should cancel tomorrow.
I mean, it feels wrong to have a party.
Well, it's not really a party.
I mean, it's a political event
and I mean, yes, we're launching
the Fost and Found phone
app, but the main purpose is
to draw attention to
the bill, and we've got
state senators coming, the mayor...
Okay. I just...
Look, I... I understand.
Everybody's grieving.
But the best way to honor Jack is...
is not on some beach
or at home feeling sad.
It's doing something
before another kid gets hurt
or killed in foster care.
What was he like?
Weird.
In a good way.
Nobody knows this, but...
I think he wanted to be more than friends.
- He was gay?
- Well...
he kissed me.
Oh.
Is that what you wanted?
No.
I'm not really sure I'm into guys.
What about Connor?
I think it was just the person.
You know?
So...
are you, like, into girls?
Maybe.
I mean, I've never even kissed a girl,
so how would I know?
Hey, baby. Come sit with us.
So sorry that your birthday is being
overshadowed by all this, love.
Ah, it's okay.
It's not until tomorrow anyway.
And are you sure all you want is dinner
at the house for your birthday?
Yeah. Positive.
- Cortney's coming, yeah?
- Yep.
Is there anything we
need to know about her?
Likes, dislikes, food allergies?
Uh, no. I don't... I don't think so.
Except that there's...
maybe something you should know.
Just in case it comes up.
Um...
she has a kid.
Mason. He's almost three...
Um... and it's... it's
not open for discussion.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
I had sex with Zoey because
I thought since you never
said anything about my letter
that you were over me.
She's probably the one
who took it out of my purse, you know.
If she knew how I felt
about you, why would...
Because she knows that you're a good guy
who wouldn't have sex with
a girl and then dump her.
Would you?
I don't want to hurt her.
Yeah, and I don't want
to hurt Nick either.
He's been really sweet to me, and...
he saved the play.
Your play.
But the play is over.
And isn't it worse to be with someone
when you love someone else?
Oh, I didn't know you guys were in here.
Uh, yeah. We were... we were just, uh...
Waiting for you...
to go strike the sets.
Well, what if we didn't?
I... I just talked to Nick
and he's gonna talk to his dad
about letting us keep the show
at the warehouse for, like, a real run.
I mean, we could... we
could like, charge admission.
You know, I mean, there's
been all this buzz, you know,
from people who... who haven't seen it
or... or want to see it again.
and I mean, there's a couple
papers that... that want to review us.
I mean, why does this just
have to be our senior project?
Right?
What do you want me to do about it?
Well, I'd like you to tell
him that it's a bad idea
to date a girl who has a kid.
Then why don't you tell him?
Lena thinks that, uh,
he'll just get defensive
and dig in deeper if we say anything.
I think she's right.
Well, I think that if
you had a talk with him
man-to-man about the mistakes
that you've made with women,
he might be a little more receptive.
Should I start with his mother?
Okay, I am not here
to start a fight, Mike.
Well, uh, maybe if you were
a little less judgmental.
I'm concerned about our son
being taken advantage of again.
So, this is about Dani.
No, this is about father and son
being vulnerable to needy
women like Dani and Ana.
Okay, okay. I'll speak to him.
- Okay, good.
- I'll impart my lack of wisdom
'cause God forbid he should
have any respect for his father.
You do remember that we had to take
a restraining order out to
keep him away from Callie?
I don't want him to jeopardize his future
so he can take care of a girl
and play daddy to her kid.
He may be 18, but he's not an adult.
You get all that?
Pretty much.
We shouldn't be doing this, should we?
They want us to come in this afternoon,
so I'm gonna have to meet
you at Callie's launch party.
Okay.
You worried?
It's never fun going in front
of the department of education.
Sally is gonna say that
she kissed Monte, right?
I hope so.
But if she brings that mother, who knows.
Well, I will get the lasagnas
for Brandon's dinner tonight, all right?
- Sounds good.
- Okay. Good luck.
- Don't worry.
- Thank you.
Hey, um, do you know
what's going on with Gabe?
Yes. He is out on bail
pending his parole hearing.
Is there anything we can do?
I offered to talk to his
parole officer, but he said no.
Well, it wasn't his fault.
He didn't know Mariana was
- gonna show up at the warehouse.
- I know, honey.
I'm sure he will tell that to the judge.
Yeah, but if he doesn't believe him,
he could go back to jail, right?
I guess he could. Yeah.
Well, that's not fair.
We have to do something.
And if it comes to
that, we will, all right?
Don't worry, love.
Go ahead.
_
You think your dad will say yes?
Oh, yeah. I mean, I got the...
my old man in the palm of my hand.
Yeah, no problem.
♪ I've heard of fairytales, princesses ♪
So are you excited?
♪ I know that dreams come
true and that's no lie ♪
Uh, I mean... yeah.
Yeah. Brandon said that some
reporters want to review you guys?
I mean, what if you get
discovered and blow up
and become a big star, huh?
- Yeah, right.
- Why not?
You're sexy, you're talented.
Demi Lovato's got nothing on you.
You're sweet.
Hey, uh, do me a favor
and open up the glove compartment.
I need to get something.
♪ Ooh, you keep me up all night ♪
- What's this?
- Open it.
♪ I need you ♪
♪ You gotta give me more ♪
Oh, my God. Are those diamonds?
I never got you a proper birthday present.
You threw me a party with a DJ.
Yeah, yeah, but I wanted to
get you something special.
Here, let me put it on you.
♪ I need you ♪
♪ You gotta give me more ♪
It looks good on you.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ My flame's burning so bright ♪
It's a beautiful necklace.
Thank you.
♪ I get the feeling you
could stay by my side ♪
♪ I honestly believe that
me and you were meant to be ♪
I realize I should have reported
the incident immediately.
As Lena pointed out to me,
any impropriety, even if initiated
by a student, um, that caused me no harm,
must be disclosed.
I just didn't want to embarrass the girl
any more than she already was.
And Sally is going to confirm
that she initiated this kiss?
Yes.
Okay. Ms. Porter, you can step out.
Oh, and...
please ask Ms. Benton to come in.
Sally, thank you and your
mother for being here.
Now, I know this is not a...
comfortable thing to talk about, but...
maybe you can just tell us what happened.
Um, Ms. Porter and I were working together
on our school's Community
Outreach Project, and...
and, um, I kissed her.
Or I tried to.
Tell them why you kissed your principal.
She offered to write me
a college recommendation
to Brown, where she's an alumnus...
if...
if... if I...
If... if you what?
If I gave her what she wanted.
And did she say what she wanted?
Not in so many words, but she was always
flirting with me and
saying how pretty I was.
Sally, that's not what you told me.
That's because you cornered
her at your daughter's party
and tried to convince
my daughter she's gay.
I did no such thing.
Mrs. Adams-Foster is an out lesbian
and she's covering for Ms. Porter
because they're lovers.
So how's your birthday so far?
Pretty great.
Thanks for making an exception.
You know, to your
no-bringing-guys-home rule.
Oh. Yeah, well,
I'm just glad the toddler
bed didn't turn you off.
Right.
No, no, Thomas the Train's
very inspiring actually.
You know, the whole, "I think I can,
I think I can, I think I can."
That's The Little Engine That Could.
Oh, right.
Oh.
This little engine thinks he could again.
If you're interested.
Hell no!
Eddie, what are you doing here?
- Get the hell out of my bed.
- This isn't your bed!
Pack your stuff and get out.
- You can't just throw me out!
- My name's on the lease!
- But what about Mason?
- Don't worry, I'll tell him his mother's a whore.
- Hey!
- You wanna mess with me?
- Don't.
- When I get back,
you and all your crap
better be out of here.
Where are we supposed to live?
Why don't you move in with
your boyfriend and his parents?
- So what happens now?
- Well, they believe she kissed you
and that we're not lovers.
I didn't flirt with her.
You were attentive and encouraging.
Isn't that our job? To encourage students?
Not off campus and not in our cars...
and not without clear boundaries
because without them,
people get the wrong ideas,
especially teenagers!
I have done everything I can
to help you keep your job,
but if it comes down to
that, I can't defend you.
Hey.
- Hey. I didn't see you there.
- Sorry.
- You look very nice.
- Thanks.
Um, I have to get to
the launch party early.
Everything okay?
I think I found out how Pearson got Jack.
How?
- Through a non-profit organization.
- Non-profit? Like a charity?
Well, in this case, a private charity,
who then gave his placement
to a for-profit foster care
company called Arbiter.
How it works is is most
counties will only allow
for a certain limited number
of foster care contracts to go
to for-profit companies, so how a company
like Arbiter gets around
it is that they create
non-profit companies
who get the contracts
and then they turn around and hire Arbiter
to place and care for
the kid and get the money.
- That sounds like a total scam.
- Yeah.
And apparently it's legal,
but the worst part is that
Arbiter's a multi-million
dollar company that is traded
on the New York Stock Exchange every day.
So, you can buy stock in foster care.
And with shareholders to answer to,
there's a great deal of
pressure to be profitable.
- So, can we sue them?
- I suppose we could,
but, um, you know, companies like that,
they have insurance against liability.
What about the CEOs?
CEOs are a protected class.
When the banks went under,
not a single CEO that was
responsible for all of
that fraud went to jail.
Not a single one.
Unfortunately, Callie, aside from Pearson,
I don't think we're gonna
be able to hold one person
responsible for what happened to Jack.
- _
- It's gone.
He took all my money.
Are you sure?
I never took his name off the account.
Oh, my God, how could he do this to me?
This is all the money I was
saving for the new apartment.
Wait, no, hang on. My mom's a cop, okay?
- She's not gonna...
- We're still legally married, Brandon.
He can say the money was his.
Okay, well, do you have
anywhere else to go with him?
I mean, I have friends, but I
can't stay with them forever.
Okay, well... well, what can I do?
Nothing, Brandon. Nothing.
This isn't your problem.
I don't want you to get dragged into this,
- and I'm ruining your birthday.
- Hey, no.
Hey, you're not ruining it.
Okay?
I have to go pick up Mason from daycare.
I... I would go with you, but I, uh...
I have this thing to get to for... Callie.
It's okay. I'll... I'll figure it out.
You don't have to worry about this.
Look, I don't know about
this Arbiter company,
but there are bad apples in privatization.
I mean, that's the point of
the bill, is to weed them out
with... with regulation and oversight.
Okay, well what does it mean if no
one's really being held accountable?
Do you think government employees are held
accountable when they screw up?
I mean, at least with the private sector,
if you can't do your job, you lose it.
I mean, that's accountability.
Look, look, I know it's confusing, Callie,
but we are so close to
making meaningful reform.
You need to trust me.
Okay.
Okay. I made a few changes to your speech,
so Daphne, can you show them to her?
So, I set up this teleprompter app
so it highlights and scrolls as you speak.
That way, you don't lose your place.
Um... I thought I was talking about Jack.
I don't think we should.
Why not?
It's too sad.
I thought sad stories
made people write checks.
They do, but today is also your day.
It's about Fost and Found
and telling success stories like yours.
Come on, let me show you downstairs.
It looks fantastic.
Come on.
Callie, this is Mr. Kleiner.
He's Governor Brown's Chief
of Advisor on child law.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi. You too.
Um, let's get a picture.
Can you get a shot of us?
♪ If you want to get down ♪
♪ You don't have to get loud ♪
- Hey.
Hey, Taylor. How are ya?
You look very nice today.
Thanks. Uh, I wasn't
sure if it was dressy.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for inviting me.
♪ If you want to get down ♪
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Hey, honey.
- Hi.
- How'd it go?
- Uh... not good.
You're getting back with Mat?
Who told you that?
He did.
I...
Maybe.
What about the play?
You're just gonna blow
it up? What about Nick?
Look, you know how much I love Mat.
You think because you love someone
that... that it's okay
to hurt other people?
That's easy for you to say.
No! No, it's not easy for me to say.
When you hurt Mat, you asked
if you were a terrible person.
If you do this, then maybe you are.
I need to talk to you.
Um, excuse me. Sorry.
♪ And start up your engine ♪
♪ Never ever get it if
you never ever mention ♪
♪ If you want to get down ♪
18. Hard to believe.
Yep.
Thanks.
So, what about this girl you're dating?
What about her?
Well... she's got a kid?
That's a lot of baggage.
Well, yeah, but I mean,
I... I really like her.
You know, she's special,
and I mean, who doesn't have baggage?
True, true.
But your mom's worried
that maybe you're...
Mom doesn't get to decide who I'm dating.
Okay? I'm... I'm 18, I'm an adult,
and... and I can stand up to her, so...
What's that mean?
Nothing, nothing.
No, what? You don't think
I can stand up to her?
I think she's really hard
on you and you just take it.
Hm.
Okay, well, just keep
your head on straight
and don't play dad to a kid.
Don't worry.
And that's me talking.
♪ Like a heart attack ♪
- It's gone.
- Are you sure it was from Arbiter?
Positive.
Maybe it's in her office.
Daphne!
She must have taken it out of the mail.
It has to be here somewhere.
Yeah, I don't feel right about this.
Here it is.
Do you think it's the same company?
It's their logo.
Why did Justina act like
she'd never heard of them?
Look inside and see.
But isn't it against the
law to open someone's mail?
Not if it's already open.
They're paying her.
Why?
Because she works for them.
Here.
- So what are you gonna do?
- Well, if I ask her about it,
then you'll lose your job and maybe...
Tasha.
I know.
- I'll just figure out another way.
- What are you doing?
I left the pad on my desk
and Callie just wanted
to go over her speech.
So, what are you doing in here?
We were just checking out the crowd.
I wanted to see how many
people are down there.
Okay.
Well, it's time to begin.
Could I have everybody's attention please?
So, I want to thank
you all for being here.
We are here today to launch
the Fost and Found phone app
and to applaud its creator,
Callie Adams-Foster.
When I first heard Callie tell her story
about being in foster
care with her brother
and being placed in seven
homes in seven years,
many of them negligent and abusive,
I knew immediately that she could advocate
for reform much better than I.
Callie's Fost and Found
web app has already helped
hundreds of kids find services
that they desperately need.
But what they really need is
a system that protects and supports them.
We need reform, and the
over 3,000 foster kids
in San Diego County alone need it now.
So, it is my honor
to introduce a young woman
that I greatly admire,
my comrade in arms and my
friend, Callie Adams-Foster.
The same day I met Justina,
I met a foster kid named Jack Downey.
He asked me to talk about
for-profit privatized foster care.
He was in one of these homes
and he wasn't being treated well.
I had other friends in those homes
who were also being abused.
See, the more kids that
these companies place
with foster families,
the more money they make,
so they're really... they're not too picky
about who they place these kids with,
and they don't have to
because they operate outside
of the government system.
That's how Jack was placed
with a man named Pearson,
a man whose foster license had
been taken away by the county
because he had abused his foster kids.
And those kids, believe it or
not, were me and my brother.
He... he abused us
verbally and physically.
He also pulled a gun on us.
But we were lucky.
We were rescued by a wonderful
foster family and adopted.
Jack was not so lucky.
Through a for-profit company
called The Arbiter Group,
Pearson got another kid.
He got Jack.
And within a day of being placed with him,
Jack was dead. Pearson beat him to death.
And I've just learned that
Justina Marks works for Arbiter.
They're paying her to get a bill passed
because this bill will
award more contracts
to for-profit companies like them
who are not motivated
by welfare, but by money.
Arbiter is responsible
for the death of Jack,
and if you pass this bill,
more children will be hurt and killed.
- How dare you.
You lied about everything.
Do you realize what you've just done?
- I don't care.
- You will.
Get away from my daughter.
Excuse us.
You okay?
You did the right thing.
Not for Jack. Not in time.
Sorry I ruined your birthday.
You didn't.
Happy 18th.
I love it.
Thank you.
Hey.
Hey, what's wrong?
Why are you crying?
Just so many lies.
Hey, hey, hey.
It's okay.
Everything all right?
Yeah.
She's, uh...
It took a lot of courage
to do what you did.
I'm really proud of you.
- Party's still on?
- Yeah, it is.
Um, Ana, AJ.
Oh. Uh, this is for Brandon.
Oh, thanks. Thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
So beverages and... and
food are in the kitchen,
and outback, you know, we're doing kind of
a serve yourself buffet
kind of thing, so...
Hey, uh, is Callie okay?
She will be.
Yeah. Um...
You didn't tell me you were bringing Ana.
Oh, yeah. We're, uh, seeing each other.
You and Ana are seeing each other.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, she just had a
major slip, did she not?
And she was sober for a year before that.
You know, one slip doesn't
take you back to zero.
Are you sure about that?
I mean, she seemed to go back
to zero when she saw Gabe again.
Stef, I know what I'm doing.
Besides, it's none of your business.
So I told Brandon.
I know.
What are we gonna do?
I don't know.
So what the hell is this?
It's, uh, it's...
it's the sets from Romeo and Juliet .
I mean, it's cool, right?
I thought you were gonna
use the space to skateboard.
Well, I... I was, I was,
but then, um, my friends,
they... they, uh, they
lost the theater at school,
- so I figured, "You know what?"
- Uh-huh...
Do you have any idea the
liability you have exposed me to?
What the hell is wrong with you?
- My girlfriend's in the play.
- Oh.
I don't know. I guess, I just, uh...
thought I could impress her
by showing her how successful my dad is.
Uh-huh.
Hasn't she seen your car?
She's not into cars.
Yeah, she's... she's smart.
Oh.
Then what's she doing with you?
You know, I really like her, Dad.
And she likes me for me.
Apparently not.
If you had to give her a warehouse...
I just hope you're gettin' laid.
- It's... it's not like that.
- It's always like that.
- No, it's not.
- You are not that special, okay?
Which is why you better make
something out of yourself
'cause this gravy train ends
when you graduate college.
If you get into college.
I'm gonna make money.
Okay? I negotiated, half the door.
We'll get insurance or whatever.
You want me to make
something of myself, well...
well how about this, Dad?
How about this opportunity to be like...
an entrepreneur?
An entrepreneur?
Yeah.
Okay.
What'd you tell Mason?
Uh, just that we're having
a sleepover with Aunt Susan.
Did you talk to Eddie?
Brandon, it's your birthday.
Let's have a good time.
Thank you.
She seems lovely.
Hm.
Hello?
Who's this?
Uh, she's not here right now.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, love, what's going on?
Um...
a reporter just called to
ask me about the allegations
- I made against Justina and Arbiter.
- What?
- Am I in trouble?
- No, no, no. They're in trouble, honey.
Okay, listen, if they,
uh, if they call again,
you just... you say,
"No comment," all right?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Do you, uh...
do you think there's something
going on with Jude and Taylor?
Grr! My man!
So my dad said yes.
He's gonna let us use the
warehouse for the play.
That was easy. Mm.
You seen Mariana?
Mm, yeah. She should be
around here somewhere.
A plane ticket to New York.
For your audition at Julliard.
There's something else in there too.
It's the money from your hand settlement.
- $7,500.
- In an account under your name.
Okay? To save for
Julliard when you get in.
Uh, if I get in.
- Oh...
- You will.
This is why we wanted
you to have it, love.
Okay? We believe in you and your dreams.
If you stay focused, we know
that you'll achieve them.
You hear me?
- Thank you, Moms.
- You're welcome, honey.
- Mm, I love you.
- I love you too.
I will, however, point
out that it says "economy".
- Hey.
- Is Stef here?
Uh, yeah. Come on in.
- Gabe.
- I need to talk to you.
Okay.
Uh, sorry. I didn't know you had...
No, no, no, it's fine.
It's okay. What's going on?
Did you talk to my probation officer?
No. Absolutely not.
Then how did he know that I was
building sets for a school play?
I told him.
Yeah, I just wanted to
explain what happened
with Mariana was a mistake.
Oh, my God.
I'm not allowed to live
within 500 feet of a school.
It wasn't at a school and
my mom was supervising you,
so I thought it was okay.
It wasn't!
I didn't tell my P.O. what I was doing,
and that's a violation.
Well, I was just trying to help.
I don't want your help. I
thought I made that clear!
Let me talk to your
probation officer, please.
- I will call him in...
- No. No. You've done enough.
You know, at least I wasn't in prison.
And now I'm probably going back, so...
Gabe!
Ana!
Hey.
Where's Taylor?
She had to go home.
Are you, like, interested in her...
as more than friends?
Maybe.
Why?
Um...
you know, because you've...
been identifying as gay, so...
I don't have to be.
Well, yeah, of course you don't.
You can be whatever you are, but...
I don't think you can choose.
God gave us free will.
To be who we are.
What if God doesn't want me to be gay?
How would you know?
Because he took away the only two guys
I've ever kissed in my life.
Okay. Jude, um, I don't think
that God works that way...
but...
Jack wasn't gay.
So, God didn't take him away
to punish you or something.
Well... well how do
you know he wasn't gay?
Because he told me that he kissed you
because he wanted to make you
feel better about Connor...
and then he realized it was a mistake.
I don't believe you.
Jude, why would I lie?
Because you lie about
a lot of things, Callie.
Callie, do you have any proof
Justina Marks is employed by Arbiter?
No comment.
Is it true you made
these false allegations
because she found out you were having sex
with your foster brother, Brandon Foster?
What are we doing here?
You'll see.
Whose place is this?
Yours.
Or it will be after you sign the lease.
I don't have any money.
I do.
No.
No way.
No. I'm not letting you give me money!
Look, I... I would've just rented it,
but I... I don't have any credit,
so I gave the guy the
first and last to hold it,
and if you like it, you can move in today.
Wait, you need that money for Julliard.
I don't have enough money for Julliard.
I... I barely have enough
money for a year's subway pass.
If I get in, the only way I
go is if I get financial aid.
So, this money doesn't make
a huge difference to me.
But it will for you and Mason.
Please.
Let me do this.
After careful consideration,
we are inclined to believe
Ms. Porter's version of events.
However, we have another problem.
It's come to our attention that...
you allowed a registered sex offender
to build sets for a school play?
Hey.
So, uh, Mariana told me that
you guys aren't getting back together.
Thanks for not tanking the play.
It wasn't just about the play.
- Hey, Brandon.
- Hey.
Hey.
Have you seen Nick today?
Uh, no. Not since he came over last night.
- He came over last night?
- Yeah, he was looking for you.
He wanted to tell you his dad's
giving you guys the warehouse.
Justina's not gonna get away
with dragging Callie through the mud
because she... she exposed
the truth about her.
Do we know that she's the
one making these allegations?
She posted the restraining order
that we took out against Brandon
on the Fost and Found website.
How did she get that?
Honey, it's public record.
This is libel. It's libel.
We're gonna... we're gonna hire a lawyer
and we're gonna sue her ass!
Let's not overreact.
We're not gonna allow this woman
to discredit our daughter
and then destroy our family
with her lies, Lena!
- 'Cause that's what they are!
- Stef, Stef...
Callie, honey, listen to me.
Listen, okay?
We're gonna fight this.
You hear me? We're gonna fight it.
We can't sue her.
Oh, yes we can. We absolutely can.
No.
We can't because it's true.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org